this residential home was destroyed by
Israeli forces who started shelling many
of the civilian residents inside the
building were injured and were taken to
al- AA hospital at De alala not far from
these residential buildings dozens of
gazans who have lost their homes to the
Israeli bombardment are now taking
shelter in these tents as we speak
victims of the shelling are being helped
out of the targeted residential area
dozens were killed and injured in this
latest wave of shelling and air
strikes may God punish them the Israeli
forces destroyed the homes of my
daughter and my cousin more than 70
women and children were inside all gone
all killed May God punish them their
homes were shelled without any warning
dozens were killed and injured just now
we recovered the dead body of a young
girl we don't know what's become of the
rest my daughter died in my own arms she
was deaf and 18 years of age what crime
did she commit to be killed this way
entire families were killed innocent
women and children
slaughtered we sacrifice it all for our
cause for the resistance may God support
the resistance
Fighters the wounded are being taken to
Ala Hospital in De alala following the
recent wave of Israeli artillery
shelling ambulances continue to take the
victims to hospital the majority of the
victims as you can see are women and
children all
civilians make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer